Hello, everyone, and welcome.
My name is Daniel and I'm going to be teaching you about web and mobile design and best practices while
also teaching you how to use figma.
Along the way, you're going to learn a bunch of different things, everything from learning how to
design a UI to learning how to collaborate with others, to building design systems and prototypes.
It's going to be really great.
Now, here we are on the Figma Web page.
Here.
You can learn a little bit more about Figma if you wanted to.
You can learn about things like design, prototyping, design systems, collaboration, everything.
You can even get downloads if you really want to download the actual desktop application, but if you
want it to work within the browser, you can do that as well.
Here you'll also learn about pricing and you really aren't going to need anything but the free starter
tier.
You won't need to use professional or organization in the future.
You will be on a design team and they'll have a paid plan for you to share design systems and stuff
like that.
But you won't need to worry about that right now.
Another very important part about Figma is the community.
There's thousands of files and templates that you can even download and duplicate.
There's plug ins that you can use and we're going to get into that later.
There's also things like events and live streams, best practices, education programs and user groups.
So buckle up.
We are going to sign up for Figma next and jump right in.
And I'm going to teach you how to use Figma from the ground up.